test BN protocol tool and github action (#569)
BabylonJS/BabylonReactNative: Documentation/TestingCompatibility.md

# Testing BabylonNative Compatibility

`Apps/TestCompatibility` is a semi-automated tool to test compatibility between BabylonReactNative (more specificaly BabylonNative)
and Babylon.js NPM packages.

> It checkouts, build and run validation tests for every BabylonNative hash version from a list and every Babylon.js NPM package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks out, builds and runs validation tests for every BabylonNative hash version from a list and every Babylon.js NPM package.
```
